<-------------------------[ Image ] ------------------------->
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1uRAk6OqFT-55lsx4gJ60CgMm7HeV0pkf/view?usp=drive_link


<-------------------------[ Components ] ------------------------->
Server: 
	A server is a computer program that provides services to other computer
	programs at their request.
	In the image, the web server, application server, and database server are
	all servers.

Domain name:
	A domain name is a human-readable identifier that corresponds to a specific
	IP address.
	In the image, the domain name is “foobar.com”.

DNS record:
	A DNS record is a data record in the Domain Name System that defines how a
	domain name translates to an IP address.
	There are many types of DNS records, but in the image the “www” record is a
	CNAME record that points to “foobar.com”.

Web server:
	A web server is a program that stores, processes, and delivers web content
	to users' browsers.
	In the image, the web server receives HTTP requests from the client and
	sends HTTP responses.

Application server:
	An application server is a software platform that executes application
	requests.
	It provides an environment for running applications and manages their
	execution.
	In the image, the application server likely generates the content that the
	web server sends back to the user.

Database server:
	A database server is a server program designed to manage access to a
	centralized database.
	In the image, the database server stores the data that the application
	server uses to generate content.

Client:
	The client is a computer program that makes requests to a server for
	resources or services.
	In the image, the client is the user's web browser.

Communication:
	The client communicates with the web server using the Hypertext Transfer
	Protocol (HTTP), over a network.
	HTTP is a request-response protocol between a client and server.
	When a user wants to access a website, their web browser sends an HTTP
	request to the web server.
	The web server then processes the request and sends back an HTTP response.
	The HTTP response may include the HTML content of the webpage, as well as
	images, videos, and other resources.


<-------------------------[ Issues ] ------------------------->
SPOF (Single Point of Failure):
	The infrastructure in the image has a few potential SPOFs.
	For example, if the web server fails, then no one will be able to access the
	website.
	Similarly, if the database server fails, then the application server will
	not be able to access the data it needs to generate content.

Downtime when maintenance needed:
	If maintenance is needed on any of the servers, then the website will be
	unavailable for some time.
	This can be disruptive to users.

Cannot scale if too much incoming traffic:
	If the web server receives too much traffic, it may not be able to keep up
	with the demand.
	This can cause the website to slow down or become unavailable.
